Every time a new feature gets added to
the game, the technical Minecraft
community manages to come up with some
insane way to use it. But when Mojang
announced vibrant visuals, which is
basically a built-in shader for the
game, I thought that surely this feature
would be the exception. Of course, I was
wrong. A YouTube channel called Sitback
in Minecraft uploaded a video called I
made a working sundial using vibrant
visuals. Sure enough, this creator
managed to calibrate the in-game time to
the shadow cast by a post through sheer
trial and error. But the original design
was pretty big and clunky, so it wasn't
necessarily super practical for
survival. But all that changed when they
had a revelation. It turns out you can
throw a trident at the perfect angle,
creating a nice skinny shadow with a
small footprint. Next, they added in
some invisible item frames with a unique
item to represent each time of day. And
the result is a super cute and fully
functional sund dial. I think this is so
insanely creative and it's got me
wondering what other shadowbased
technology might be possible in the